# LoAS MICRO 2024

## 2025 Mar:
I just uploaded the sub-directory for generating the LTH-based prunned SNNs. I saw the latest HPCA2025 SNN accelerator work referred our pruning framework, so I think it's a good idea to equip this repo with the purning generation codes.

Please find the codes to prune the SNNs in the sub-directory of ``pruning_gen``. I have tested the codes, there should be no issue to run the codes and generate the prunned SNNs. Please go inside the sub-directory to find more details. Please let me know if you need any help!

## 2024 Aug:
We just upload the sub-directory for the artifact evaluation. Feel free to go inside the sub-directory of ``artifact`` for more information!

We also provide the environment dependencies inside ``requirements.txt``, generated by ``pipreqs``.
To install the dependency: ``pip install -r requirements.txt``

## 2024 July:

### The exploration of the design space of spMspM acceleration for dual sparse SNNs.

This repo intends to provide the source codes in PyTorch for fine-tuning and profiling the SNN models.

1a). Profiling the SNN models to examine the original ratio of silent neurons.

``python3 model_profile.py -profile --n_mask 0``

1b). Profiling the SNN models to examine the ratio of silent neurons by masking out all neurons that only spike for 1 time.

``python3 model_profile.py -profile --n_mask 1``

2). Finetuning the SNN models to recover the accuracy from masking out the neurons that only spike for 1 time.
   
``python3 fine_tune.py --n_masks 1``


Package version:

Python 3.9.7.

CUDA 11.1.

PyTorch 2.3.1 py3.9_cuda11.8_cudnn8.7.0_0

spikingjelly 0.0.0.0.12

More details to come soon.


## Citing

If you find the above code is useful for your research, please use the following bibtex to cite us,
```bibtex
@inproceedings{yin2024loas,
  title={LoAS: Fully Temporal-Parallel Dataflow for Dual-Sparse Spiking Neural Networks},
  author={Yin, Ruokai and Kim, Youngeun and Wu, Di and Panda, Priyadarshini},
  booktitle={2024 57th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO)},
  pages={1107--1121},
  year={2024},
  organization={IEEE}
}

